My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee
during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!

Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag.

Great deal for workers!

ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack
at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not
have been in our country.

While I am not mandated to do this under the law, I feel it is
visually important, as President, to in no way have a conflict of interest
with my various businesses. The Presidency is a far more important task!

My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms
and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!

Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great
workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!

Together, we made history -- and now, the real work begins.
America will start winning again!

This is happening all over our country. No more!

Just tried watching SNL -- unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny
and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad.

THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS.

I don't think so!

If the press would cover me accurately & honorably,
I would have far less reason to tweet. Sadly, I don't know
if that will ever happen!

Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents,
but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!

Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!

No wonder companies flee country!

I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it
with Mark B & have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!

Reports by CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency,
even part time, are ridiculous & untrue -- FAKE NEWS!

So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse.

CNN is so embarrassed by their total (%100) support of Hillary Clinton,
and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.

Journalist? Do your job!

CNN still doesn't get it. They will never learn!

Pathetic -- you have no sufficient evidence that I did not suffer from voter fraud, shame!
Bad reporter.

Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California -- so why isn't the media
reporting on this? Serious bias -- big problem!

So much time and money will be spent -- same result! Sad.

In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if
you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.

I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!

Nothing will change.

The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now
being joined by the badly defeated & demoralized Dems.

Bus crash in Tennessee so sad & so terrible. Condolences to all family members
and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!

In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!

Not nice.

Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all
over the world. Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!

The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated,
should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior.

This should not happen!

Too bad!

I settled the Trump University lawsuit because as President I have to focus on our country.

I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children.
This was a typically false news story.

The failing NYT story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly.
Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.

I have received and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing
NYT said. Russia, UK, China, Saudi Arabia, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and more.
I am always available to them. NYT is just upset that they looked like fools in their
coverage of me.

If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in NY Florida
and California and won even bigger and more easily.

How dishonest are they. I never said this!

The NYT sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me.
I wonder if it will change -- doubt it?

Wow, the NYT is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly
inaccurate coverage of the Trump phenomena.

This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we
will win, win, win!

Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our
great country. We will all come together and be proud!

Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!

Really good meeting, great chemistry.

Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be
forgotten again. We will all come together as never before.

We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens
& save American lives!

Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!

So exciting, big crowds!

Guilty -- cannot run. Rigged system!

Bad judgement!

Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have been delayed!

Very dishonest media!

So nice -- great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!

To all Americans, I see you & I hear you. I am your voice.

People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?

Tired of the lies.

The world was gloomy before I won -- there was no hope. Now the market
is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!

The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club
for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!

President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should
say that but I say NO WAY! -- jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.

The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder
to negotiate peace. Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!

The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime,
by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will slaughter you.
This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred!
When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?

My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children
with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with my presidency.
Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of
dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!

I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking
about airplane capacity and pricing. Very impressive people!

I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the
winner was based on popular vote -- but would campaign differently.

Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany -- and it is
only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!

We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back -- let them
keep it!

China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters -- rips it
out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.

The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my
business, so complex -- when actually it isn't!

Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of Vanity Fair Magazine. Way down, big
trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!

Part of the beauty of me is that I am very rich.

I will be so good at the military your head will spin.

I had some beautiful pictures taken in which I had a big smile on my face.
I looked happy, I looked content, I looked like a very nice person,
which in theory I am.

I don't even consider myself ambitious.

As everybody knows, but the haters & losers refuse to acknowledge,
I do not wear a wig. My hair may not be perfect but it's mine.

Sorry losers or haters, but my IQ is one of the highest -- and you all know it!
Please don't feel so stupid or insecure, it's not your fault.

I put my name on buildings because it sells better.

I'd create economic zones. I'd create incentives for companies to move in.
I'd work on spirit because spirit is so low, it's incredible, the unemployment,
you look at unemployment for black youth in this country, African-American youth,
it's 58-59 percent. It's unthinkable. And I would create in the inner cities,
which is what I really do best. That's why when I open a building and I show you
it's way ahead of schedule, under budget and everything else. It took them 20 years
to get it built, one store, and then it burned down in one night.

I think if this country gets any kinder or gentler, it's literally going to
cease to exist.

I have a Gucci store that's worth more than Romney.

How stupid are the people of Iowa?

I've always thought about the issue of nuclear war; it's a very important element
in my thought process. It's the ultimate, ultimate catastrophe, the biggest
problem this world has, and nobody's focusing on the nuts and bolts of it. It's
a little like sickness. People don't believe they're going to get sick until they do.
Nobody wants to talk about it.

Listen, you motherfuckers, we're going to tax you 25 percent.

Oftentimes when I was sleeping with one of the top womenin the world I would say to
myself, thinking about me as a boy from Queens, can you believe what I am getting?

It is a dangerous world out there -- it's scary, like Vietnam. It is my personal
Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave soldier.

There has always been a display of wealth and always will be, until the depression
comes, which it always does. And let me tell you, a display is a good thing.
It shows people that you can be successful. It can show you a way of life.
It's very important that people aspire to be successful.

My life has been about winning. My life has not been about losing.

I've won many club championships and I was always the best athlete.

She does have a very nice figure. I've said that if Ivanka weren't my daughter,
perhaps I'd be dating her.

To a large extent it's up to the women. There are a lot of women out there who,
you know, demand the husband act like the wife and there are a lot of husbands
who listen to that.

We literally have never had an argument. We never even had an argument.

I think Eminem is fantastic, and most people think I wouldn't like Eminem.
And did you know my name is in more black songs than any other name in hip-hop?
Black entertainers love Donald Trump.

As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said. We should
be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't think anybody
knows that it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia,
Russia, Russia. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China. It
could also be lots of other people.

I said I'll show you where they have some nice furniture. I moved on her like a
bitch. I couldn't get there and she was married.

Look at you. You are a pussy.

Yeah, that's her with the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start
kissing her.

I don't even wait. And when you're a star they let you do it. You can do anything.

Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.

Melania said this was okay.

I mean, you look at what's going on. And you can look at a jobs report but take
a look at the real jobs report. I mean, we have jobs that are in the pipeline. And
I deal with all the executives, the big ones and the small ones -- I have really
gotten to know this country. Look, I'm somebody that gets it, and nobody really
knows. It's not something that's so hard and fast. I do know this: other countries
are eating our lunch. If you look at what China's doing. I can name country after
country. I call them the forgotten man and the forgotten woman. They've been
forgotten. I just say something will happen. It'll be quick. I think it's very
unfair. So, it'll start. One way or the other. And we'll have a decision pretty
quickly.